README.md, before:

## SamusMod
- Adds Samus, the intergalatic bounty hunter as a playable survivor
- Now with VR Support!
- Now with Metroid Prime VR Visor!
- Now using RoR2 Shaders!


## Overview
Samus is an agile survivor with a charge beam, homing missiles, a super missile, and a rolling dash attack that drops a bomb.
[![](https://i.imgur.com/cQ6cTRU.png)]()

# Contact
- If you want to report any bugs, you can contact me on discord: dgosling#5259

# Donation
[Donate/Buy me a coffee here.](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/dgosling)

[I also have a Github Sponsor page.](https://github.com/sponsors/dgosling)

## Future Plans
- Add more Skills and Suits/skins

## Known Issues
- Missiles' projectile ghost sometimes fall down, but they still fire and hit enemies
- Charged beam will sometimes not register hitting enemy - improved
- Default autofire binding won't set and spam errors on first launch after enabling the option, Either bind it or restart the game after launching to fix

## Special Thanks
- Rob for Paladin mod source code
- RoR2 Modding Discord
- ShayneHawke and his Community Discord
- MetaForce Team for Metroid Prime tools to remake Prime Bomb Effects
- DrBibop for helping me add VR Support
- Thunderkit Team for Making it Possible and Easy to use RoR2 Shaders Inside Unity
- Vale-X for Making ThunderkitHenry
## Changelog
` 2.1.5 `
- Fixed Multiplayer Not Working

` 2.1.4 `
- Fixed Missiles so They Shoot Straight and out of Samus' Gun

` 2.1.3 `
- Fixed Volume of Samus' VR Hud and Gun Noises
- Improved Missile Tracking
- Added Pocket ICBM Compatibility to Samus' Missile Skills
- Removed Stubbed Shader Converter Dependency

` 2.1.2 `
- Fixed Bug Relating to Using the Roll Skill in VR Spawning Infinite Bombs 

` 2.1.1 `
- Added Back in VR Support
- Changed Missiles to Require a KeyPress so Don't Accidently Fire Multiple

` 2.1.0 `
- Updated for SOTV
- Temporary Removed VR Support until it is Updated
- Removed AutoFire Toggle Config Option, Just Don't Use Bind if You Don't Want to Use it

` 2.0.5 `
- Fixed Being able to Switch to Autofire While in Morph Ball
- Fixed Autofire Toggle Inconsistency

` 2.0.4 `
- Fixed Error Spam if you had Controls Tab Open in Settings with AutofireToggle Disabled

` 2.0.3 `
- Added AutoFire Beam Toggle Than you can Enable in the Config
- Fixed Missiles not Firing if you Shoot the Beam Right after
- Hopefully Fixed a Bug Where the Powerbomb's Cooldown Will Break for a Stage
- Increased Powerbomb's Cooldown from 8 Seconds to 12

` 2.0.2 `
- Fixed the Camera Clipping Issue
- Reduced Missile Cooldown from 5 to 4 Seconds
- Slightly Increased Missile Damage
- Increased Super Missile Damage 
- Missiles now Cooldown When in Morph Ball
- Powerbombs now Cooldown When Not in Morph Ball
- Increased Missiles Speed
- Reduced Missiles and Super Missiles Fire Delay
- Increased Morph Ball Bombs Explosion Radius
- When in VR, the Tracking Missiles' Tracker is now Based on Your Dominant Hand's Aimray

` 2.0.1 `
- Forgot to Update SurvivorDef Name Token

` 2.0.0 `
- Ported to ThunderKit-Henry
- Switched to RoR2 Shaders 
- Fixed Samus' Beam to Actually Fire as Fast as you can Click

` 1.5.2 `
- Fixed some Multiplayer related VR Visor Bugs Bugs
- Performance Fixes For Visor
- HopeFully Really Fixed the Boss Bar this Time

` 1.5.1 `
- Fixed Boss Health Bar on VR HUD not Updating Alpha after First Boss

` 1.5.0 `
- Added Metroid Prime VR Visor
- Fixed Animation Bug that had me disable sprinting while using the Charge Beam, Now you can sprint and Charge/Shoot the Charge Beam 
- Fixed AutoSprint Compatibilities

` 1.4.0 `
- Added VR Support

` 1.3.0 `
- Added Tracking Missile Skill With Prime Tracker
- Improved Charge Beam Registering Hits
- Changed Morph Bomb Dash Icon to Help Differentiate it from New Morph Ball Skill

` 1.2.2 `
- Fixed Morph Ball Mode breaking map zones

` 1.2.1 `
- Fixed Blood Shrine not working

` 1.2.0 `
- Added Morph Ball Mode Alt Skill
-- Based on Metroid Prime's Morph Ball
-- Transform into a ball and gain an armor boost buff while in
-- Travel twice as fast while in, and sprint to go a little bit faster
-- Drop Morph Bombs that can be used to bomb jump
-- Drop a Power Bomb that on use, will deduct all your Morph Bombs
- Added Missing Text

` 1.1.1 `
- Moved back to R2API

` 1.1.0 `
- Updated to work with latest version

` 1.0.3 `
- Made it so you can hold the Charge Beam before Firing
- Reduced chance of Hurt sound playing to help in Void Fields

` 1.0.2 `
- Removed debug logging

` 1.0.1 `
- Removed networking test code I accidentally left in

` 1.0.0 `
- Added Sound Effects
- Added Muzzle, Charge, and Impact Effects
- Added Some Item Displays
- Fixed bugs
- Balanced damage on level up

` 0.1.1 `
- Backup Magazine now gives you 5 stock instead of 1
- Added invulnerability to Blazing enemies blaze effects and trails

` 0.1.0 `
- Beta Version

Commit message:

Networking Now works in Unity and fixed Gasoline Lag

README.md, after:

## SamusMod
- Adds Samus, the intergalatic bounty hunter as a playable survivor
- Now with VR Support!
- Now with Metroid Prime VR Visor!
- Now using RoR2 Shaders!


## Overview
Samus is an agile survivor with a charge beam, homing missiles, a super missile, and a rolling dash attack that drops a bomb.
[![](https://i.imgur.com/cQ6cTRU.png)]()

# Contact
- If you want to report any bugs, you can contact me on discord: dgosling#5259

# Donation
[Donate/Buy me a coffee here.](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/dgosling)

[I also have a Github Sponsor page.](https://github.com/sponsors/dgosling)

## Future Plans
- Add more Skills and Suits/skins

## Known Issues
- Missiles' projectile ghost sometimes fall down, but they still fire and hit enemies
- Charged beam will sometimes not register hitting enemy - improved
- Default autofire binding won't set and spam errors on first launch after enabling the option, Either bind it or restart the game after launching to fix

## Special Thanks
- Rob for Paladin mod source code
- RoR2 Modding Discord
- ShayneHawke and his Community Discord
- MetaForce Team for Metroid Prime tools to remake Prime Bomb Effects
- DrBibop for helping me add VR Support
- Thunderkit Team for Making it Possible and Easy to use RoR2 Shaders Inside Unity
- Vale-X for Making ThunderkitHenry
## Changelog
` 2.1.6 `
- Fixed Freezing/Lag When Killing Big Groups of Enemies With Gasoline

` 2.1.5 `
- Fixed Multiplayer Not Working

` 2.1.4 `
- Fixed Missiles so They Shoot Straight and out of Samus' Gun

` 2.1.3 `
- Fixed Volume of Samus' VR Hud and Gun Noises
- Improved Missile Tracking
- Added Pocket ICBM Compatibility to Samus' Missile Skills
- Removed Stubbed Shader Converter Dependency

` 2.1.2 `
- Fixed Bug Relating to Using the Roll Skill in VR Spawning Infinite Bombs 

` 2.1.1 `
- Added Back in VR Support
- Changed Missiles to Require a KeyPress so Don't Accidently Fire Multiple

` 2.1.0 `
- Updated for SOTV
- Temporary Removed VR Support until it is Updated
- Removed AutoFire Toggle Config Option, Just Don't Use Bind if You Don't Want to Use it

` 2.0.5 `
- Fixed Being able to Switch to Autofire While in Morph Ball
- Fixed Autofire Toggle Inconsistency

` 2.0.4 `
- Fixed Error Spam if you had Controls Tab Open in Settings with AutofireToggle Disabled

` 2.0.3 `
- Added AutoFire Beam Toggle Than you can Enable in the Config
- Fixed Missiles not Firing if you Shoot the Beam Right after
- Hopefully Fixed a Bug Where the Powerbomb's Cooldown Will Break for a Stage
- Increased Powerbomb's Cooldown from 8 Seconds to 12

` 2.0.2 `
- Fixed the Camera Clipping Issue
- Reduced Missile Cooldown from 5 to 4 Seconds
- Slightly Increased Missile Damage
- Increased Super Missile Damage 
- Missiles now Cooldown When in Morph Ball
- Powerbombs now Cooldown When Not in Morph Ball
- Increased Missiles Speed
- Reduced Missiles and Super Missiles Fire Delay
- Increased Morph Ball Bombs Explosion Radius
- When in VR, the Tracking Missiles' Tracker is now Based on Your Dominant Hand's Aimray

` 2.0.1 `
- Forgot to Update SurvivorDef Name Token

` 2.0.0 `
- Ported to ThunderKit-Henry
- Switched to RoR2 Shaders 
- Fixed Samus' Beam to Actually Fire as Fast as you can Click

` 1.5.2 `
- Fixed some Multiplayer related VR Visor Bugs Bugs
- Performance Fixes For Visor
- HopeFully Really Fixed the Boss Bar this Time

` 1.5.1 `
- Fixed Boss Health Bar on VR HUD not Updating Alpha after First Boss

` 1.5.0 `
- Added Metroid Prime VR Visor
- Fixed Animation Bug that had me disable sprinting while using the Charge Beam, Now you can sprint and Charge/Shoot the Charge Beam 
- Fixed AutoSprint Compatibilities

` 1.4.0 `
- Added VR Support

` 1.3.0 `
- Added Tracking Missile Skill With Prime Tracker
- Improved Charge Beam Registering Hits
- Changed Morph Bomb Dash Icon to Help Differentiate it from New Morph Ball Skill

` 1.2.2 `
- Fixed Morph Ball Mode breaking map zones

` 1.2.1 `
- Fixed Blood Shrine not working

` 1.2.0 `
- Added Morph Ball Mode Alt Skill
-- Based on Metroid Prime's Morph Ball
-- Transform into a ball and gain an armor boost buff while in
-- Travel twice as fast while in, and sprint to go a little bit faster
-- Drop Morph Bombs that can be used to bomb jump
-- Drop a Power Bomb that on use, will deduct all your Morph Bombs
- Added Missing Text

` 1.1.1 `
- Moved back to R2API

` 1.1.0 `
- Updated to work with latest version

` 1.0.3 `
- Made it so you can hold the Charge Beam before Firing
- Reduced chance of Hurt sound playing to help in Void Fields

` 1.0.2 `
- Removed debug logging

` 1.0.1 `
- Removed networking test code I accidentally left in

` 1.0.0 `
- Added Sound Effects
- Added Muzzle, Charge, and Impact Effects
- Added Some Item Displays
- Fixed bugs
- Balanced damage on level up

` 0.1.1 `
- Backup Magazine now gives you 5 stock instead of 1
- Added invulnerability to Blazing enemies blaze effects and trails

` 0.1.0 `
- Beta Version
