ThunderkitHenry/Packages/R2API/README.md, before:

# R2API – a modding API for Risk of Rain 2

## About

R2API is a modding framework for other mods to work in, providing centralized and simplified APIs for Risk of Rain 2.

This helps keep mods compatible with each other.

At its core, R2API should not change how the game behaves without any other mod installed.

The only change is to keep mods out of quickplay and prismatic trials by request of the **Hopoo Games** team.

## Installation

**The usage of a mod manager is heavily recommended, you can use r2modman or the thunderstore mod manager.**

If you want to manually install still:

-  Install [BepInEx](https://thunderstore.io/package/bbepis/BepInExPack/).

-  Install [HookGenPatcher](https://thunderstore.io/package/RiskofThunder/HookGenPatcher/).

-  Copy the files inside the `plugins` folder from the zip into the `BepInEx/plugins`.

## Developing mods using R2API

Since the R2API `5.0.0` version update, mod creators should ideally only reference the packages they need in their C# projects and their thunderstore packages.

In the dependency array of their thunderstore manifest, they should reference the R2API packages from the `RiskofThunder` team, for example: `RiskofThunder-R2API_LobbyConfig-1.0.0`

In their C# projects, they should only get the corresponding R2API submodules dll they need.

You can use the nuget packages, or download the dlls directly from thunderstore, depending on your workflow.

A lot of documentation is in the included *xmldocs*, and further information may be on the dedicated [R2API wiki](https://github.com/risk-of-thunder/R2API/wiki).

Do not hesitate to ask in [the modding discord](https://discord.gg/5MbXZvd) too!

## Changelog

Older changelogs for this package can be found on [GitHub](https://github.com/risk-of-thunder/R2API/blob/master/Archived%20changelogs.md).

### '5.0.0'
* R2API modules are now split into their own package.

  Mod creators should ideally only reference the packages they need in their C# projects and their thunderstore packages. Please refer to the `Developing mods using R2API` section for more info.

  If you are a mod user, there should be no difference whatsoever with this update.

  If you find any issues, please tell us in the [the modding discord](https://discord.gg/5MbXZvd) or the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/risk-of-thunder/R2API)

Commit message:

Fixed a couple small bugs
- Fixed Bug with Inferno that Would cause BackUpMagazine to give you 25 Missiles Instead of 5
- Fixed Bug Where if you Jumped While During the Morph Bomb Dash Animation, You'd Launch up in the Air
- Updated .gitignore

ThunderkitHenry/Packages/R2API/README.md, after:

# R2API – a modding API for Risk of Rain 2

## About

R2API is a modding framework for other mods to work in, providing centralized and simplified APIs for Risk of Rain 2.

This helps keep mods compatible with each other.

At its core, R2API should not change how the game behaves without any other mod installed.

The only change is to keep mods out of quickplay and prismatic trials by request of the **Hopoo Games** team.

## Installation

[Check out this page from the R2Wiki on how to install mods](https://risk-of-thunder.github.io/R2Wiki/Playing/Getting-Started/)

## Developing mods using R2API

Since the R2API `5.0.0` version update, mod creators should ideally only reference the packages they need in their C# projects and their thunderstore packages.

In the dependency array of their thunderstore manifest, they should reference the R2API packages from the `RiskofThunder` team, for example: `RiskofThunder-R2API_LobbyConfig-1.0.0`

In their C# projects, they should only get the corresponding R2API submodules dll they need.

On top of the `BaseUnityPlugin`, you should add a `BepInDependency`, for example `[BepInDependency(DirectorAPI.PluginGUID)]`

For then adding the dependency on the C# Project level, you can do that in a multitude of ways, depending on your workflow:

- Nuget Package Manager:
   -  You can access this in Visual Studio by right clicking your project within the Solution Explorer, and installing packages through that manager directly:
      -  The packages are available under the `RiskofThunder` nuget account, and you can find them through the search bar by typing `R2API`.
      
- Manually adding nuget: 
  - [We have a wiki page that also explains it](https://risk-of-thunder.github.io/R2Wiki/Mod-Creation/C%23-Programming/Assembly-References/)
  - Edit your .csproj file, and in your ItemGroup ([something like this](https://github.com/xiaoxiao921/R2Boilerplate/blob/master/ExamplePlugin/ExamplePlugin.csproj#L15-L27)), add PackageReference lines for each R2API module you depend on:  
   ```xml
   <PackageReference Include="R2API.Networking" Version="1.0.2" />
   ```
   - You can find these lines for each package on the [Risk of Thunder nuget account](https://www.nuget.org/profiles/RiskofThunder).
   
-  Download the dlls directly from thunderstore: 
   -  Add them through the Solution Explorer, right clicking your project, Add -> Project Reference, and selecting the wanted .dll files.
   
-  If you use Unity: 
   -  You can download the dlls, and drag and drop the modules' dll directly into your Unity Project under any folders that are under the root Assets/ folder.

A lot of documentation is in the included *xmldocs*, and further information may be on the dedicated [R2API wiki](https://github.com/risk-of-thunder/R2API/wiki).

Do not hesitate to ask in [the modding discord](https://discord.gg/5MbXZvd) too!

## Changelog

Older changelogs for this package can be found on [GitHub](https://github.com/risk-of-thunder/R2API/blob/master/Archived%20changelogs.md).

### '5.0.0'
* R2API modules are now split into their own package.

  Mod creators should ideally only reference the packages they need in their C# projects and their thunderstore packages. Please refer to the `Developing mods using R2API` section for more info.

  If you are a mod user, there should be no difference whatsoever with this update.

  If you find any issues, please tell us in the [the modding discord](https://discord.gg/5MbXZvd) or the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/risk-of-thunder/R2API)
