ThunderkitHenry/Packages/Risk_Of_Options/README.md, before:

# RiskOfOptions
![Animated icon made by UnsavedTrash#0001 on discord](https://thumbs.gfycat.com/LimitedFlashyCowbird-size_restricted.gif)

An API to provide a user interface in game to interact with BepInEx ConfigEntry's.

## Currently supported options
- CheckBoxes `bool`
- Sliders `float`
- StepSliders `float`
- IntSliders `int`
- KeyBinds `KeyboardShortcut`
- String Input Fields `string`
- Choice DropDowns `Enum`
- Color Picker `UnityEngine.Color`

### Additional Components
- GenericButtons

### For feature requests or issues head over to my [repository](https://github.com/Rune580/RiskOfOptions).

## Developer Resources
* [RiskOfOptions Wiki](https://github.com/Rune580/RiskOfOptions/wiki)
* [Usage Example](https://github.com/Rune580/RiskOfOptions-Example)

## Getting Started
First you need to grab the latest release from the [Thunderstore](https://thunderstore.io/package/Rune580/Risk_Of_Options/).
Extract the mod to your plugins folder, and then add a reference to the dll in your project in Visual Studio. [Project->Add Reference...->Browse]

Then add to where ever you will use this.
```C#
using RiskOfOptions;
```

Next you need to add Risk Of Options as a dependency for your mod.
```C#
[BepInDependency("com.rune580.riskofoptions")]
```

Finally make sure you know how to use [BepInEx Config](https://github.com/risk-of-thunder/R2Wiki/wiki/Configuration
)

Now you're ready to start adding options.

### Adding an option
Given a `ConfigEntry<bool>`
```C#
ConfigEntry<bool> enableThing = Config.Bind(...);

ModSettingsManager.AddOption(new CheckBoxOption(enableThing);
```

Need a volume slider?
```C#
ConfigEntry<float> volume = Config.Bind(...);

ModSettingsManager.AddOption(new SliderOption(volume));
```

Every option constructor can take a Config for the example above it would be `SliderConfig`.
Say you need a slider that only goes between 60 - 130. You would do:
```C#
ModSettingsManager.AddOption(new SliderOption(limitedRangeFloat, new SliderConfig() { min = 60, max = 130 }));
```

What about a slider that goes in increments of 0.15 and is limited between 1 - 5?
```C#
ModSettingsManager.AddOption(new StepSliderOption(incrementedFloat, new StepSliderConfig() { min = 1, max = 5, increment = 0.15f }));
```

Enough about floats, let's talk about the spaghetti and meatballs, KeyBinds.
```C#
ConfigEntry<KeyboardShortcut> keyBind = Config.Bind(...);

ModSettingsManager.AddOption(new KeyBindOption(keyBind)); // This also has a KeyBindConfig but can be omitted if defaults are desired.
```
And that's it, said KeyboardShortcut will show up on the ModOptions menu.

Checkbox and Slider configs can be set with a delegate that will be used to check if said option should be disabled in the menu.
```C#
ConfigEntry<bool> disableThing = Config.Bind(...);
ConfigEntry<bool> overridenThing = Config.Bind(...); 

ModSettingsManager.AddOption(new CheckBoxOption(disableThing));
ModSettingsManager.AddOption(new CheckBoxOption(overridenThing, new CheckBoxConfig() { checkIfDisabled = Check }));

...

private bool Check()
{
    return disabledThing.value;
}
```
When `disableThing` is enabled `overridenThing` will show up as non-interactable in the menu.

"Okay that's all fine but how do I, you know, do stuff when an value is changed?"
Well thankfully `ConfigEntry`'s have this innately:
```C#
ConfigEntry<bool> toggleThing = Config.Bind(...);

toggleThing.SettingChanged += (object, args) => { Debug.Log(toggleThing.Value) };
```
Of course when an option changes the value of a passed `ConfigEntry`, the value updates in real time,
so in some cases where you are checking the value of the entry directly you don't need to do anything.

There may be cases where you just want a convenient button to open your own menu, as such you can do this:
```C#
ModSettingsManager.AddOption(new GenericButtonOption("Custom Menu", "Misc", "Configure stuff in here", "Open Custom Menu", OpenMenu));

private void OpenMenu()
{
    /// Do stuff
}
```
The GenericButtonOption may be used to provide an entry point for opening your custom GUI's.

### Setting the description of the mod
```C#
ModSettingsManager.SetModDescription("Describe your mod in incredible detail over the course of the next 2 hours");
```

### Setting the icon of the mod
```C#
Sprite icon = ...;

ModSettingsManager.SetModIcon(icon);
```

# Quick Showcase
[Showcase](https://gfycat.com/GloomyShowyArrowana)

# Contact

Discord: Rune#0001

Github: Rune580

# Changelog
    2.5.3:
      Merged PR by Bubbet https://github.com/Rune580/RiskOfOptions/pull/28
        - Abstracts references to bepinexconfig out.
        - Allows mods to extend off of RoO's options.
      Updated to preview C# language.

    2.5.2:
      Fixed descriptions not wrapping.

    2.5.1:
      Minor improvements to the layout of the mod options menu.
      Fixed some minor stutters when opening the settings menu for the first time.
      Removed HookGenPatcher/MMHook as a dependency.

    2.5.0:
      Added ColorOption.
      Added ColorPickerUtil for manually opening a color picker.
      Added 2 new submit modes for input fields:
        - OnExitOrSubmit
        - OnSubmit
        These can be used with the `submitOn` Field in the InputFieldConfig.
      Fixed an issue where having multiple input fields causes hitching.
      Fixed an issue where input fields wouldn't visually revert.

    2.4.2:
      Sliders can now have their values be manually set in the text box. No more finagling the slider to get the value you want.
        The future is now!

    2.4.1:
      Fixed category indicators taking up more vertical space than intended.

    2.4.0:
      Added IntSlider option, which is just a normal slider but it accepts an ConfigEntry<int> instead.

    2.3.2:
      Added overrides for modGuid and modName when adding an option.
      CheckBox is now a prefab instead of being copied from a button in game. What does that mean for the normal user?
        realistically nothing at all, you shouldn't notice anything different. For the dev however, this puts us a step closer
        to having RiskOfOptions ui elements be accessible to other mods.

    2.3.1:
      Disable functionality is now fully implemented on all simple options.

    2.3.0:
      Quite a few things in this update, as always let me know if you have any issues.
        - Added ChoiceOption, takes an CongiEntry<enum>.
        - Removed dependency on R2API, I didn't really use it anyways, now you don't have to worry about an unnecessary dependency.
            haha dependencies bad ;))))))))))))))))
        - Fixed animation issues with the Mod Options menu while playing in singleplayer.
        - Added workaround for when a mod embeds it's own settings api (the reason why one would do this alludes me...),
            as they can break the Mod Options panel.

    2.2.0 - Added GenericButtonOption which allows for devs to supply a UnityAction that is invoked when the button is pressed.
    Cleaned up a few things. Should work for the newest patch, let me know if you find any issues.

    2.1.0 - Added StringInputFieldOption. Configuration option `restartRequired` has been fully implemented,
    set this to true to show a restart warning when the option is modified. Description panels now scroll.

    2.0.0 - Massive Rewrite of the entire mod. Now exclusively uses BepInEx ConfigEntry's.
    Completely new UI, with a working revert button. Added Stepped Slider, and KeyBind options.
    Mods dependent on 1.0 will not work with 2.0

    1.0.4 - Quick update for SOTV.

	1.0.3 - Added R2API as a dependency because I forgot about that. Also I'm currently rewriting ROO,
	so hopefully the next update should be a pretty big one. No ETA on that, but progress is good
	so far.

Commit message:

Fixed a couple small bugs
- Fixed Bug with Inferno that Would cause BackUpMagazine to give you 25 Missiles Instead of 5
- Fixed Bug Where if you Jumped While During the Morph Bomb Dash Animation, You'd Launch up in the Air
- Updated .gitignore

ThunderkitHenry/Packages/Risk_Of_Options/README.md, after:

# RiskOfOptions
![Animated icon made by UnsavedTrash#0001 on discord](https://cdn.rune580.dev/roo/images/roo-full.gif)

An API to provide a user interface in game to interact with BepInEx ConfigEntry's.

## Currently supported options
- CheckBoxes `bool`
- Sliders `float`
- StepSliders `float`
- IntSliders `int`
- KeyBinds `KeyboardShortcut`
- String Input Fields `string`
- Choice DropDowns `Enum`
- Color Picker `UnityEngine.Color`

### Additional Components
- GenericButtons

### For feature requests or issues head over to my [repository](https://github.com/Rune580/RiskOfOptions).

## Developer Resources
* [RiskOfOptions Wiki](https://github.com/Rune580/RiskOfOptions/wiki)
* [Usage Example](https://github.com/Rune580/RiskOfOptions-Example)

## Getting Started
First you need to grab the latest release from the [Thunderstore](https://thunderstore.io/package/Rune580/Risk_Of_Options/).
Extract the mod to your plugins folder, and then add a reference to the dll in your project in Visual Studio. [Project->Add Reference...->Browse]

Then add to where ever you will use this.
```C#
using RiskOfOptions;
```

Next you need to add Risk Of Options as a dependency for your mod.
```C#
[BepInDependency("com.rune580.riskofoptions")]
```

Finally make sure you know how to use [BepInEx Config](https://github.com/risk-of-thunder/R2Wiki/wiki/Configuration
)

Now you're ready to start adding options.

### Adding an option
Given a `ConfigEntry<bool>`
```C#
ConfigEntry<bool> enableThing = Config.Bind(...);

ModSettingsManager.AddOption(new CheckBoxOption(enableThing);
```

Need a volume slider?
```C#
ConfigEntry<float> volume = Config.Bind(...);

ModSettingsManager.AddOption(new SliderOption(volume));
```

Every option constructor can take a Config for the example above it would be `SliderConfig`.
Say you need a slider that only goes between 60 - 130. You would do:
```C#
ModSettingsManager.AddOption(new SliderOption(limitedRangeFloat, new SliderConfig() { min = 60, max = 130 }));
```

What about a slider that goes in increments of 0.15 and is limited between 1 - 5?
```C#
ModSettingsManager.AddOption(new StepSliderOption(incrementedFloat, new StepSliderConfig() { min = 1, max = 5, increment = 0.15f }));
```

Enough about floats, let's talk about the spaghetti and meatballs, KeyBinds.
```C#
ConfigEntry<KeyboardShortcut> keyBind = Config.Bind(...);

ModSettingsManager.AddOption(new KeyBindOption(keyBind)); // This also has a KeyBindConfig but can be omitted if defaults are desired.
```
And that's it, said KeyboardShortcut will show up on the ModOptions menu.

Checkbox and Slider configs can be set with a delegate that will be used to check if said option should be disabled in the menu.
```C#
ConfigEntry<bool> disableThing = Config.Bind(...);
ConfigEntry<bool> overridenThing = Config.Bind(...); 

ModSettingsManager.AddOption(new CheckBoxOption(disableThing));
ModSettingsManager.AddOption(new CheckBoxOption(overridenThing, new CheckBoxConfig() { checkIfDisabled = Check }));

...

private bool Check()
{
    return disabledThing.value;
}
```
When `disableThing` is enabled `overridenThing` will show up as non-interactable in the menu.

"Okay that's all fine but how do I, you know, do stuff when an value is changed?"
Well thankfully `ConfigEntry`'s have this innately:
```C#
ConfigEntry<bool> toggleThing = Config.Bind(...);

toggleThing.SettingChanged += (object, args) => { Debug.Log(toggleThing.Value) };
```
Of course when an option changes the value of a passed `ConfigEntry`, the value updates in real time,
so in some cases where you are checking the value of the entry directly you don't need to do anything.

There may be cases where you just want a convenient button to open your own menu, as such you can do this:
```C#
ModSettingsManager.AddOption(new GenericButtonOption("Custom Menu", "Misc", "Configure stuff in here", "Open Custom Menu", OpenMenu));

private void OpenMenu()
{
    /// Do stuff
}
```
The GenericButtonOption may be used to provide an entry point for opening your custom GUI's.

### Setting the description of the mod
```C#
ModSettingsManager.SetModDescription("Describe your mod in incredible detail over the course of the next 2 hours");
```

### Setting the icon of the mod
```C#
Sprite icon = ...;

ModSettingsManager.SetModIcon(icon);
```

# Quick Showcase
[Showcase](https://gfycat.com/GloomyShowyArrowana)

# Contact

Discord: @rune

Github: Rune580

# Changelog
    2.7.0:
      All numeric InputFields now properly use InvariantCulture, for example numbers are formatted as `1,000,000.20`.
        - RiskOfOptions exposes an option to change this behavior in-game.
      RiskOfOptions option menu.
      Experimental support for Prefabs as mod icons.
        - The root object's RectTransform must have a width and height of 45.
      Animated icon has been updated.

    2.6.1:
      Forgot to include some assets that are required for the color picker.

    2.6.0:
      Added Method for setting mod descriptions with a language token.
      Added event when the mod options panel is closed.
      Slight behaviour change for color wheel, (I did this like a year ago and forgot to push it out in an update, so here you go.)
      Any other commits that happened between last year and now.

    2.5.3:
      Merged PR by Bubbet https://github.com/Rune580/RiskOfOptions/pull/28
        - Abstracts references to bepinexconfig out.
        - Allows mods to extend off of RoO's options.
      Updated to preview C# language.

    2.5.2:
      Fixed descriptions not wrapping.

    2.5.1:
      Minor improvements to the layout of the mod options menu.
      Fixed some minor stutters when opening the settings menu for the first time.
      Removed HookGenPatcher/MMHook as a dependency.

    2.5.0:
      Added ColorOption.
      Added ColorPickerUtil for manually opening a color picker.
      Added 2 new submit modes for input fields:
        - OnExitOrSubmit
        - OnSubmit
        These can be used with the `submitOn` Field in the InputFieldConfig.
      Fixed an issue where having multiple input fields causes hitching.
      Fixed an issue where input fields wouldn't visually revert.

    2.4.2:
      Sliders can now have their values be manually set in the text box. No more finagling the slider to get the value you want.
        The future is now!

    2.4.1:
      Fixed category indicators taking up more vertical space than intended.

    2.4.0:
      Added IntSlider option, which is just a normal slider but it accepts an ConfigEntry<int> instead.

    2.3.2:
      Added overrides for modGuid and modName when adding an option.
      CheckBox is now a prefab instead of being copied from a button in game. What does that mean for the normal user?
        realistically nothing at all, you shouldn't notice anything different. For the dev however, this puts us a step closer
        to having RiskOfOptions ui elements be accessible to other mods.

    2.3.1:
      Disable functionality is now fully implemented on all simple options.

    2.3.0:
      Quite a few things in this update, as always let me know if you have any issues.
        - Added ChoiceOption, takes an CongiEntry<enum>.
        - Removed dependency on R2API, I didn't really use it anyways, now you don't have to worry about an unnecessary dependency.
            haha dependencies bad ;))))))))))))))))
        - Fixed animation issues with the Mod Options menu while playing in singleplayer.
        - Added workaround for when a mod embeds it's own settings api (the reason why one would do this alludes me...),
            as they can break the Mod Options panel.

    2.2.0 - Added GenericButtonOption which allows for devs to supply a UnityAction that is invoked when the button is pressed.
    Cleaned up a few things. Should work for the newest patch, let me know if you find any issues.

    2.1.0 - Added StringInputFieldOption. Configuration option `restartRequired` has been fully implemented,
    set this to true to show a restart warning when the option is modified. Description panels now scroll.

    2.0.0 - Massive Rewrite of the entire mod. Now exclusively uses BepInEx ConfigEntry's.
    Completely new UI, with a working revert button. Added Stepped Slider, and KeyBind options.
    Mods dependent on 1.0 will not work with 2.0

    1.0.4 - Quick update for SOTV.

	1.0.3 - Added R2API as a dependency because I forgot about that. Also I'm currently rewriting ROO,
	so hopefully the next update should be a pretty big one. No ETA on that, but progress is good
	so far.
